Yokai Watch 2 and Seven Eleven are collaboration Seven Eleven limited s class rare youkai are in hand
enter
It is an excellent method, but the game is launched in the Seven Eleven store with seven spots.
I go to the goat mail
Talk to my sister at reception 2 and select the internet download
If you succeed download you get pounding coin
Rear monster enters body when you turn Omori mountain monster Gasha
We have actually gone to Seven-Eleven
And founding the Dokkidoki coins and the light blue of the coin beneath
Next, turn the Omorisan monster umbrella
Choose a cool coin contest
Childcare became friends with God
Industry ranking is s when we see information of Okuwano god
It was the acquisition method of 7 er limited s class rare youkai or more